README.md, before:

# 👀 Thread Bot
Make people on Slack use threads instead of flooding the channels

<a href="https://slack.com/oauth/authorize?scope=commands,bot&client_id=351867349926.351110503493" target="_blank"><img alt="Add to Slack" height="40" width="139" src="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png" srcset="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png 1x, https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack@2x.png 2x" /></a>

---

### Features

#### Thread Bot is typing
Show `Thread Bot is typing` whenever someone types,<br/>
so the person remembers to use thread instead of flooding the channel.<br/>
<img height="100" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/619186/42146134-3c67cd30-7d9c-11e8-9586-05d2c91f0e91.png" />

<!--
### `/thread` command
Start a new thread
-->

#### `/thread-reminder`
Remind everyone to always use thread when possible

<img height="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/619186/42146315-64c80366-7d9d-11e8-8114-231a85da6229.png"/>


#### Action buttons

##### Ask to use thread

<img height="150" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/619186/42146178-8fad463c-7d9c-11e8-8e30-470baeb2c1a4.png"/>

<img height="300" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/619186/42146263-17201748-7d9d-11e8-8dd6-ff0621fc72c8.png"/>



#### ~Unshare files~
~Automatically unshare files from channels so comments don't flood the channel~<br/>
  - _Slack API doesn't allow bots do this 😕_
  - _This will soon be fixed: File comments will work just like threads after July 19th 🎉🎉 ([source](https://api.slack.com/changelog/2018-05-file-threads-soon-tread))_

### TODO

- [ ] Automatically detect when too many messages as shared in a short time and trigger the thread reminder

### Author

Follow [@brunolemos](https://twitter.com/brunolemos) on Twitter

Commit message:

Disable Thread Bot Is Typing
As requested by the Slack Team

README.md, after:

# 👀 Thread Bot
Make people on Slack use threads instead of flooding the channels

<a href="https://slack.com/oauth/authorize?scope=commands,bot&client_id=351867349926.351110503493" target="_blank"><img alt="Add to Slack" height="40" width="139" src="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png" srcset="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png 1x, https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack@2x.png 2x" /></a>

---

### TODO

- [ ] Automatically detect when too many messages as shared in a short time and trigger the thread reminder

### Features

#### ~Thread Bot is typing~
_Disabled as requested by the Slack Team_<br/>
~Show `Thread Bot is typing` whenever someone types,<br/>
so the person remembers to use thread instead of flooding the channel.<br/>
<img height="100" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/619186/42146134-3c67cd30-7d9c-11e8-9586-05d2c91f0e91.png" />~

<!--
### `/thread` command
Start a new thread
-->

#### `/thread-reminder`
Remind everyone to always use thread when possible

<img height="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/619186/42146315-64c80366-7d9d-11e8-8114-231a85da6229.png"/>


#### Action buttons

##### Ask to use thread

<img height="150" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/619186/42146178-8fad463c-7d9c-11e8-8e30-470baeb2c1a4.png"/>

<img height="300" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/619186/42146263-17201748-7d9d-11e8-8dd6-ff0621fc72c8.png"/>



#### ~Unshare files~
~Automatically unshare files from channels so comments don't flood the channel~<br/>
  - _Slack API doesn't allow bots do this 😕_
  - _This will soon be fixed: File comments will work just like threads after July 19th 🎉🎉 ([source](https://api.slack.com/changelog/2018-05-file-threads-soon-tread))_

### Author

Follow [@brunolemos](https://twitter.com/brunolemos) on Twitter
